<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_how_to_9_pictue_filenames">
    <title> Picture filenames</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p> The filename is crucial for easy handling, organization, localization to other
                languages. Good filename describes what is displayed in the picture. There is
                nothing more annoying than working with images named as
                    <codeph>image3712.jpg</codeph>. The good filename is, e.g.
                    <codeph>web-browser-settings.png</codeph>,
                    <codeph>disabled-save-button.png</codeph> etc.</p>
            <p>If you write multilingual documentation, many (if not all) pictures need to be
                language-specific. Adding language local code to the filename is a good idea. Somes
                system, like Sphinx, have support of multilingual documentation and they recognize
                locale-specific images with locale code in a filename. You have
                    <codeph>save-button.png</codeph>, <codeph>save-button.he.png</codeph> and
                    <codeph>save-button.de.png</codeph>. If you build docs for Hebrew (he), Sphinx
                picks up <codeph>save-button.he.png</codeph>, for German (de)
                    <codeph>save-button.de.png</codeph>, and <codeph>save-button.png</codeph> for
                all other locales.</p>
            <p>To prevent problems on case-sensitive platforms, always use lower-case in image
                filenames. Even some web servers might tell 404 Not Found if you call in URL
                “img/Save-Button.png” instead of “img/save-button.png”.</p>
        </context>
    </taskbody>
</task>
