<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_3_passfab_screen_recorder">
    <title>          FastStone Capture</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context id="context_kcd_xqb_ltb">
            <p><xref href="https://www.faststone.org/index.htm" format="html" scope="external"
                    >FastStone Capture</xref> is a screen capture tool, which easily captures the
                entire screen in various forms such as rectangular, fixed region defined by the
                user, etc. The captured images can be sent to printer, clipboard, and email. The
                captured images can be uploaded to social media sites or any other website.</p>
            <p><b>Key Features:</b></p>
            <ul id="ul_mmj_trb_ltb">
                <li>For lifetime licenses, the cost is only $19.95.</li>
                <li>It is a quick, lightweight, powerful and extremely responsive tool.</li>
                <li>FastStone Capture allows for Resizing, cropping, sharpening and watermarking the
                    captured images.</li>
                <li>It captures multiple windows, multi-level menus, etc.</li>
                <li>It saves captured snapshots in BMP, GIF, JPEG, PNG, TIFF and PDF formats.</li>
                <li>It can be run from removable drive such as iPod, USB Flash drive, etc.</li>
                <li>It has a built-in screen recorder which saves video files in .WMV format.</li>
                <li>It has built-in color picker for color sampling.</li>
                <li>Screen capture tool can be instantly activated using global hotkeys.</li>
                <li>FastStone Capture allows the user to join or combine images to convert into a
                    single image file.</li>
            </ul>
        </context>
    </taskbody>
</task>
