<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_do_you_really_need_a_screenshot">
    <title>Do you really need a screenshot?</title>
    <shortdesc>One of the common questions when developing documentation is, "How many screenshots
        should I include?" Decide when to use screenshots in your documentation.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>One of the common questions when developing documentation is, "How many screenshots
                should I include?" Answers range from "None!" to "All the screens!" A picture may be
                worth a thousand words, but screenshots are often used as a crutch for poor
                documentation or poor design. The best answer is to use them when you need them, and
                don't use them when you don't. So how do you know when you need them?</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Screenshots are only important to the documentation if they add value to the
                    material. If you have a task that is only about several steps long, and you
                    included a screenshot every step of the way, it overflows the task and makes it
                    look more difficult than it is.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Graphics takes time — sometimes it takes even longer to create persuasive
                    visuals as it does to write instructions.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>For some audiences, screenshots aren’t important. For example, you would not
                    tell a developer how to use a mouse; in fact, they may find it insulting that
                    you suggest they use a mouse at all. But if you are writing the content for
                    basic users, they may find screenshots very useful.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>You must have in mind that every time your document gets modified, screenshots
                    must get updated. And if you used a lot of them, imagine the future task.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you use too many screenshots, users may be overly attracted to the visual
                    and miss important points in the explanatory text.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Screenshots will make your documentation bigger, for sure, but if they make the
                    document better, no one will care about bigger.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Screenshots may be necessary when you are writing about very complicated
                    configurations or systems.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq id="postreq_kb4_w35_ktb">
            <p><b>With all of the above in mind, when to use and when not to use images?</b></p>
            <p>&#9989; Use screenshots for the following purposes:</p>
            <ul id="ul_ipz_z35_ktb">
                <li>to orient users in a complicated or long procedure</li>
                <li>to show complex windows or dialog boxes, such as those that contain multiple
                    subsets of information, with free-form text fields and many options available
                    for selection</li>
                <li>to emphasize a new feature or change in the UI</li>
            </ul>
            <p>&#10062; Do not create or use screenshots of the following items:</p>
            <ul id="ul_g2k_2j5_ktb">
                <li>code samples (instead, show code samples in code blocks)</li>
                <li>dialog boxes that are easy to understand, such as drop-down lists and option
                    buttons with few or no free-form text fields</li>
                <li>confirmation boxes</li>
                <li>license agreement boxes</li>
                <li>message text (instead show message text within regular text)</li>
                <li>progress bars</li>
                <li>welcome windows</li>
                <li>wizard pages, especially Welcome pages and other simple pages</li>
                <li>tables created in another authoring tool</li>
                <li>a screen that is volatile and likely to change frequently</li>
            </ul>
            <p>
                <note id="note_rwv_fgp_ltb" type="notice">As an alternative to screenshots, use the
                    correct names of the UI labels with which the user must interact and the values
                    that they must choose or enter. Show the names of buttons, options, check boxes,
                    menus, windows, dialog boxes, and so on as they appear on the UI. For example,
                    for straightforward instructions like, “To open a file, select <b>File >
                        Open</b>,” a screenshot is not required.</note>
            </p>
        </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
