<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_SUI_3_how_to_create_sui">
    <title> How to create SUI?</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Creating a simplified user interface (SUI) graphic is easier than you think. The best
                way is to begin with a screenshot and then transform it. To do this, you need screen
                capture and image editing software. I use Snagit in my daily work, as it has both of
                these functions. Additionally, it also has Auto Simplify feature that recognizes
                shapes and text and then automatically covers them with the themed elements.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Capture a screenshot of the user interface you want to turn into a SUI graphic
                    and open it in the chosen editor.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Crop the screenshot to the dimensions of your desired output. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Cover up and remove visual noise like unrelated text, menus, buttons, or tool
                    tips to reduce the complexity of the image and focus attention on the important
                    parts.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <note id="note_usf_2n5_ktb" type="tip">Use the color palette which works with
                        your interface.</note>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Save your file as a .png to be used in your documentation.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <note id="note_sj1_1n5_ktb" type="tip">It is also recommended to save your final
                        image as a project file type. It allows you to reopen the project to edit
                        and adjust the image later on. This makes updating your image easy so you
                        won’t need to recreate your SUI graphic every time.</note>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
